# pybps

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

BPS is an ensemble method, meant for aggregating and synthesizing
density predictions from multiple agents/experts/judges. There is quite
a wide field of literature for ensembling point forecasts, but point
forecasts are very limited. The shape and variance of a distribution is
equally important as the mean. Therefore, consider soliciting density
predictions from $J$ judges. Each judge, $j = 1,...,J$ gives a density
$h_j(\cdot)$. The set of these predictions is
$H = \{h_1(\cdot), ... , h_J(\cdot)\}$. We would like to predict an
outcome $y$, given this information $H$. Typically, in Bayesian
Analysis, we would find the posterior $p(y|H)$ and be done with it.
However, the posterior is found via $p(y|H) \propto p(H|y)p(y)$, and
$p(H|y)$ is either impossible to find or necessitates significant
modeling assumptions, making the value highly subjective.

If we introduce a latent variable $\x$, then we may be able to write the
posterior as

If we set up the structure correctly, we could even have
$(y|\x) \perp H$, making our above formula

Let’s say that the latent variable $\x$ is a J-dimensional random
variable from $\x\sim p(\x|H)$. The next question is how to we get
$\x \sim p(\x|H)$? Quite simply, we can say these latent variables are
“generated independently from the $h_j$”, that is $x_j \sim h_j(\cdot)$
for $j=1:J$, and then $\x = (x_1,..., x_J)$. Due do independence of the
random draws, we can write:

The above formula gives the underpinning for Bayesian Predictive
Synthesis. One of the nice things about BPS is that the conditional
density $p(y|\x)$, or “synthesis function”, is not set in stone. We
Given covariates $\x$, $p(y|\x)$ must predict an outcome $y$. This
prediction problem is extremely common, and we can use tools that we are
all familiar with, such as a linear regression. There are limitless
choices, and you can use your favorite method in this role. In
traditional BPS literature, we use the symbol $\alpha(y|\x)$ to
represent this synthesis function. For clarity if one chooses to read
the formal literature, I will use this alpha notation from here on out.

This package can carry out BPS for time series data $y_t$ for
$t\in 1:T$. At each time $t$, the decision maker has access to the past
values of $y$, given by $D_{t-1} = \{y_1,y_2,...,y_{t-1}\}$, and the
forecasts from the agents up to and including time $t$: $H_{1:t}$

## Install

``` sh
pip install pybps
```

## How to use

Bayesian Predictive Synthesis is a foundationally sound way to combine
density forecasts.

``` python
```

    TypeError: __init__() missing 11 required positional arguments: 'y', 'a_j', 'A_j', 'n_j', 'delta', 'm_0', 'C_0', 'n_0', 's_0', 'burn_in', and 'mcmc_iter'
